the earlier deadly battle of the turtles is not
Knocked off the title of the most deadly
dangerous or having used insidious
tactics and swords turned out to be the winner
but the battle is not over now
Leonardo fanitsya its most
powerful imitator ditsam
the leader of the fighting is he a wizard and
gunshot and we will analyze the weapon
armor and skill and finally find out who
will win the deadly battle
let's computer engineer who created 3
mighty amphibious fighters in
gladiator video game reality show
battle that accidentally opened it
black hole leading to another galaxy
when the game starts and the galaxies
becomes the arena of their superhero
fighting against the dark queen and they that
three zadro made a video game and tightened
to another galaxy they twill were
superheroes all overclocked first here
was painted yellow to differ from
rush now he officially became
blue-green he leads the team with
calm and strategies he
sticks to my favorite combat
strategies to beat the crap out of all that
moving and in the guise of fighting toads zeus
can transform your body into
various weapons giant rolls and
heavy weights
horns unlike their friends and children
used his genius them on
abrasive mechanically arsenal great
amount of skill connecting technology
muscle will be added saw blade and
first this guy could be the best in
handyman's world
if he hadn't been sucked in parallel
the universe every time somebody
I ran her game though they almost did not
train here have the strength to handle
from one of the most difficult games to
the enormous complexity of the game is no joke since
it was made by the martial itself
toads
yes they are trying to drive you crazy
we described Leonardo's abilities
last time we have something to add he
studied the ninjos of bushido all his life
from delivering your body and mind contractions
on swords of honor and secrecy
he is also a turtle team strategist
which is now dead
so before leonardo stands out
using the environment to
outwit and paralyze the enemy
also in all time realities
convincing tortoise trained by two
masters in rats from the printer and the oldest
and watch this asian ode that
left cyberon two no jacks us
which are perfect for quick
cutting blows and made the idea that
the best defense is attack his usually
put from katana shows and comics though
obviously he is straight
they are twisted ninja movies actually
the invention of Hollywood since there is no
no historical facts about him
existence like a flight well shut up
at least that he relies on
mutual understanding with the brothers on their own
night easy dick fighter he convinced a bunch
different enemies visa robot detailed
monsters and strong aliens and even
shredder
damn here was much stronger
leonardo in normal battle used
your battle arsenal to win but
when it came to use
surroundings and you could do anything
parfume thread and in the absence of training
he was stumped
Well, Zits and not a strategist, he always
relies on brute force and when
leonardo went into stealth mode from
decided to ruin the hell the whole sewer
yes that really left there is fighting for all sorts
mutants and monsters every week and
all the street toads had the most chances
and their technical tricks fighting
toads are known for what they can do
impossible like a ninja turtle
Leonardo once did all the hare at the first
opportunities in the end
zetsu need to get together the winner Leonardo
again
translated encore cadet bordeaux thanks for
Attention